So, on my other screen, I'm going to go
to
Gyms, and I'm going to go to new gym.
So, with this, now it's giving me
everything that I need. So, I'm going to
go ahead
and follow the directions.
Yeah, it's when I journey McDonald.
My AI
content assistant.
All right, so
>> [clears throat]
>> now it's just saying copy everything
below into your gym instructions, and
that's really what I'm going to do.
So, I'm going to come down here.
I'm going to copy and paste just like it
told me to.
Uh it says every copy everything below,
so let me go ahead and delete that out.
Let me delete out this next step right
here.
And you can add in knowledge documents.
Um you can also add in notebook elements
to that, which is really cool. We will
get into notebook element in a future um
training session because we could do
like a half-day workshop on that.
Notebook element is actually pretty
amazing.
So, you want to select a no default
tool, which allows it to do deep
research, create images, work in canvas,
which can spin up like HTML, various
different things in the guided learning.
So, now that I've got this, I'm just
going to hit save.